where's Aaron Oh my brother's keeper
where did you go all right
what did you quarrel about you you're
angry about the money oh I like it I
think it's great I'm gonna go away I'm
gonna take that money with me I think
I'll stop me a little business just like
my mother did what do you know about
your mother yes
now what she is and I know why she left
you couldn't stand it you didn't really
love her anymore you do mean because
your goodness your rightness you never
gave me one of us of an inch ever for
what you thought was right
you kept on forgiving us you never
really loved this I know why you didn't
love me
you know kinda Heidi Candido to you or
Sam or watch my demonically biowing